My Neighbor's Pool is nasty rotting
leaves and sediment all over the bottom
a whole ecosystem of undiscovered
microorganisms floating around beneath
the surface entire plants stretching out
and making themselves at home I think I
might have seen a shark at the deep end
but just as I was about to bravely dive
in and Destroy another phone beatbot
saved the day offering to sponsor this
video to show off their aquisense Pro
all-in-one smart pool cleaning robot
thank goodness I promised my that with
this little guy's help we'd have the
mess sorted out in no time of course
that was before our pool contractor came
and had a look at it and said sir you
realize that there are roots on the
plants growing out of this pool right
it's a robot not a miracle
worker but hey we're going to give it a
crack at it maybe the miracle was inside
us all along
[Music]
let's take a closer look at the
aquisense pro before touching it comes
with the risk of Colora comes with a
quick start guide and user manual which
is uh chalk full of certifications
including ip68 water resistance the
robot itself which is full of fun little
gadgets and tricks batbot says the
aquasense pro is the world's first 5 in1
intelligent pool cleaning robot it'll do
the floor the walls the waterline and
surface cleaning plus optional water
clarification with these little
cartridges although you don't have to do
that what you definitely will need or at
least we will is this debris collection
slot that helps it skim anything along
the surface and deposit it in the Dual
layer basket right here as well and this
one's really cool as this second debris
collection slot that both sucks up
debris from the bottom and helps the
robot cling to the side of the pool as
it uses its scrubby toilet brushes here
sorry pool brushes scrubby pool brushes
to clean the surface rounding out the
accessory package we've got the charging
dock this will go in your garage or in
your pool house and it'll give the
beatbot enough juice for anywhere from
two to three runs depending on whether
it needs to go all the way down to the
bottom and hang out down there or if it
can just float around on the surface and
last but not least the hooker sometimes
stuff goes wrong and if you ever need to
retrieve the bot this will be very
helpful it's also good for
fishing but enough chitchat it's time to
take her for a test drive there is an
app but you're not obligated to use it
there's physical buttons on the front
for bottom bottom and walls complete
clean and Eco clean as well as a power
button now taking bets what's going to
clog up first the basket or the
propulsion
Jets I'm going to say propulsion Jets
all right then I'm going to do a floor
clean cuz it'll be using the Treads all
right you cheater cheating is the best
way to win good luck buddy you did press
the go button right uh what go button
have you tried it hey there we go
it's spitting water out the top so I
guess that's just to maintain its
buoyancy yeah cool we had wanted to put
a GoPro on it for this but they warned
us that uh it's a pretty delicate
Balancing Act having it at exactly the
right level for the skimmers to work so
theoretically it should map first yeah
so it made it to the bottom but my
question is does it have a sensor to
know when the basket is full or is it
just going to like try and pick up all
of this it has 20 sensors but I don't
actually know what they do sick hey it
pick stuff up though or at least
shuffled it around moved it look there a
clean spot yeah look at this plume it's
just spewing green on the back beautiful
plumage I checked this footage from
before and you can't hear it up here but
the microphone picked it up the beat
pot's like I hate my life I hate my life
I hate my it's like Colin it doesn't
complain it's a robot you know if it
kicks up enough sediment we may not be
able to find it that's a good point is
she surfacing I thought it was but oh
she's doing something oh no she's she's
cruising man
it's going along the edge oh okay I can
see the little brushies going okay I'd
like to make it clear that everyone
involved understands that this is not
what this robot is for we just wanted to
see how it handled a worst case scenario
before it goes all the way into the deep
end and we lose visual contact should we
hook it out and see if it's full all
right okay come here little buddy oh
shoot I lost it oh no come back little
buddy oh no and now I've kicked up all
the this pool pole broke in half it's
somewhere in this vague
area can Colin swim I'm not sure all I
do know is I'm really glad I have the LT
hat Pro with water resistant treatment
LTT
store.com our problem is that water
blocks any RF communication so there's
no hope of using the app to summon it
back and cloudy water blocks visual
communication so we have no idea where
it is now I mean it's still doing stuff
but there's no way it would have enough
capacity to keep picking things up at
this point it'll do its thing and come
up eventually right well if it gets
trapped in the weeds though oh true that
and there's a truck down there
still I can see maybe the top third of
the pole Jordan spotted it guys we got
it we got it okay yeah we got it
oh God she mad
wow I think this stuff is too thick too
much it's just too much it can't even
cuz it's completely gummed up yeah it
was probably like that in like a minute
yeah that right realistically we
expected all of that though the aqua
sense Pro is a maintenance robot it's
not going to be able to do anything for
your busted up pool equipment so while
we wait for the pros to turn this
Titanic into a treasure courtesy of
beatbot who's going to be helping with
the restoration let's take the aqua
sense Pro over to my place and look at a
more realistic reasonable scenario only
problem is it's kind of too clean
mess it up boys and don't tell Ivon we
did this oh
God
uh oh okay that's probably
it
really well now my hand covered in glass
you you threw glass in the pool that's
the pool guy gave me what the hell
didn't they just service this today too
a little
bit while Jordan gets the chisin
clarifying agent kit installed I'm just
going to poke around in the app a little
bit and see what we can do here and I
guess we're not going to do quick mode
Let's go ahead and do floor wall and
waterline we got Le on the surface too
we should do surface as well okay right
thanks honestly there's not really that
much to configure well no once it's done
it'll give you a report on there as well
about what it's done cool theoretically
that's it we're good to go pro lights on
you want to do the honors this feels so
wrong that oh we didn't even talk about
what it's supposed to do when it's done
it's supposed to come back to kind of
where it started and then park at the
side so you can just grab it out I guess
we'll see this is cool obviously it's
going to disconnect if it goes below the
surface but right now it's got a Wi-Fi
signal it's telling me exactly what it's
doing that's awesome it's definitely
doing stuff this time we can see that it
is picking up leaves which is kind of
cool I mean it might have been doing
something last time we just couldn't see
it I don't know if I can find the rhyme
reason to its cleaning pattern right now
apparently it uses their clever nav
navigation system with Sonic scent
sensors and intelligent path
optimization whatever that means we're
testing the obstacle avoidance by
hucking that frisbee in there so we'll
see what happens there and it has a
different mode powered by a quad core
arm CPU that handles irregular shapes
and difficult transitions it's got nine
Motors to run things and uses an S
pattern for the floor with an N pattern
for the walls and waterline and an S
pattern for the surface all of that is
in theory so far though let's see how it
does so I think this means it wants to
be picked up cuz it's
full take a look at that oh wow once it
came to the surface it reconnected to
the phone app and it told us that it
wanted the basket cleaned so we've got
that done we're going to put it back in
the water and see what
happens looks like I want attenion
again so it's telling us to clean the
basket again still at half battery
that's pretty good so it tells us it
spent whatever amount of time on the
floor cleaning was interrupted due to
clogged filter basket it we're back on
the surface again after another 44
minutes so now we're uh right about 2
hours of cleaning
time yep that's gross again we got a
good pile going there we're starting to
lose some daylight and we're not quite
done so I think we're just going to put
this thing back on the charger and come
back another day to finish up we're also
down to about 30% of our battery life so
this guy could use a little snack before
we put him back in the pool we're back
it's a much nicer day today so we're
going to throw the bot back in the pool
cool and see what
[Music]
happens beat butt told us it won't clean
stairs but they didn't mention that it
just seems to have trouble with the
entire concept of stairs is getting hung
up here batbot does have a new multis
Zone mode in testing that they say
should enable the aquisense pro to
handle big sets of stairs like these but
unfortunately it wasn't made available
to us at the time of filming
[Music]
it looks like it's just stopped on us
here uh as far as we can tell the
light's flashing red so we're going
fishing it's giving another battery
warning uh but let's just look at the
cleaning record here 123 on the floor 44
on the
walls hasn't managed to make the Surface
yet I don't know how they're claiming 9
and 1/2 hours of battery life in any
mode here oh wow I think that's the
fullest we've seen it there's actually a
lot of leaves I will give it that we've
giving the aquisense some time to
recharge and throwing it back in the
pool unfortunately it's gone back to
floor mode so at this rate we might get
the surface of the pool clean sometime
next year I should make it clear we have
updated the firmware followed all the
directions properly it does its own
thing when you put it back in the water
beat butt support gave us a little help
with the app so we're going to get this
thing going on just the surface this
time what we have to do is unselect the
ones we don't
want and that's it there we go at the
end of the day or I guess days wow we've
put the aquisense pro through quite the
ringer and it picked up a ton of debris
from the pool far more than I would have
really expected given its intended light
pool maintenance every few weeks use
case and as the bot gets more exposure
to North American Pools and beatbot
pushes out updated firmware and apps we
expect to see the aquisense pro to
continue to improve over time so if you
want to be along for the ride we're
going to have links and who knows maybe
a promo code down in the video
description in the meantime a big thanks
to beatbot and the pros at Mr pool who
have finally completed this incredible
transformation of My Neighbor's Pool can
you believe Jordan that there's a tile
mosaic bottom on this pool I had no idea
I didn't even know it was blue this
thing's gone from terrifying to honestly
kind of tempting all that's left is to
put a bow on the aqua sense Pro and hope
that it enjoys its new home fingers
crossed if you guys liked this video
maybe you'll like the one where we tried
a lawn mowing robot that was actually
one of Jordan's first videos how do you
get stuck with all these just lucky